https://www.ielts-blog.com/ielts-writing-samples/ielts-letters-band-7/ielts-letter-topic-complaint-about-a-faulty-mobile-phone/


Complain Letter

Dear Manager,

I am writing to complain about a mobile phone that I have purchased from your on-line store.

The phone worked as expected during the first two weeks and then suddenly malfunctioned. 
Firstly the camera stopped working and later the touchscreen became irresponsive. Also, the monitor is getting blurry which makes it difficult for me to see the SMS messages clearly. I was very surprised to discover such problems in quite an expensive model. The phone is now unusable. 

I would highly appreciate if you could look into this matter, and discuss how to replace it with a brand new one. Otherwise, I will be well within my right to request for a complete refund. 

Looking forward to your response and kind cooperation.

Best Regards
Peter Kevinson










Useful Language
Below is a selection of useful language for you to use in a formal letter. The phrases you choose will depend on the context of the question.

Beginning
I am writing this letter with regard to…
I am writing to bring to your attention…
I am writing to inform you that…
I am writing to express my dissatisfaction with…..
Requests and Suggestions
I would be grateful if you would…
I would like you to…
I am entitled to request that you….
I was wondering if it would be at all possible to….
I would like to suggest that….
Ending
I look forward to hearing from you.
I look forward to receiving your response.
I await your prompt service.
I thank you for your consideration.
Please respond at the earliest convenience.








You and your family are planning to spend a weekend at a seaside hotel.
Use complaining (not fighting) words 
It is better to use “soft” words to explain your problems.  Try not to raise the roof or exaggerate the facts because you want to sound believable.

How to politely say you don’t like something:
Disappointment:

It was expecting . . . (insert what you expected) but . . .
I was expecting to get along with my roommate but we are not suited to each other.

I was disappointed to discover that . . .
I was disappointed to discover that she felt it was her right to play music even though I was trying to sleep.

I am disappointed because . . .
I am disappointed because I thought I would be matched with a roommate similar to me.

Unacceptability:

It is unacceptable that . . . (insert problem)
It is unacceptable that our room is in such disorder.

The fact that . . . is unacceptable.
The fact her clothes, garbage and books cover the floor is unacceptable.

It is not acceptable to (insert problem)
It is not acceptable to have to live in these conditions.

Displeasure:

I was displeased to see that . . . (insert problem)
I was displeased to see that she was very messy.

I am not pleased that . . .
I am not pleased that I am unable to sleep or study in the room.
