Capital Letter
At the beginning of a sentence
For proper name: Mr. White, Mr. Peter
Family Name: Aunt Betty, Father James, Uncle White
Designation: Professor White, Army Officer, Manage, Justice Peter, Doctor John
Book Name: Hamlet, Macbeth
Country, Nationality and Language: Japanese, French, Bangladesh, China, Japan, Bangla, English
Institution Name: Dhaka College, Oxford University
With some expressions of time: Modern Age, First World War, Easter Sunday



1. the names of days, months and public holidays. The names of seasons do not usually begin with capital letters.

Sunday; Monday; Friday
January; March, August
Christmas; Easter;
summer; autumn; winter; spring
2. the names of people and places, including stars and planets

John; Mary; Alice
India; Tokyo; Paris; Singapore
Jupiter; Mars; Neptune
(But the earth, the sun and the moon)
3. people’s titles

Mr Smith; Dr James; the Chairman; the Managing Director
4. nouns and adjectives referring to nationalities and regions, languages, religions and ethnic groups

He is French.
She is Spanish.
He is a Sikh.
Chinese history
5. the first word in the title of books, magazines, plays, pictures, magazines etc. Sometimes other nouns, verbs, adjectives and adverbs in the title also begin with capital letters.

The Adventures of Tom Sawyer or The adventures of Tom Sawyer
Gone with the Wind OR Gone with the wind



Capitalize ‘I’
Capitalize the names of countries. Examples: Japan, America, Russia
Capitalize national nouns and adjectives. Examples: Chinese, Russian, French, British
Capitalize the first letter of the first word in a sentence or question.
Capitalize proper nouns (i.e. the names of people). Examples: John, Mary, Annie
Do not capitalize common nouns. Examples: boy, tree, flower, butterfly
Capitalize the names of institutions, organizations etc.
Capitalize the names of festivals. Examples: Id, Diwali, Easter, Christmas




https://www.englishgrammar.org/rules-capitalization/




Finite and Non-finite verb

Walking along the road, I went to market.

Verb after subject

Having done, 

Child snake, can not bite.


Relevant to subject
Change according to Tense
Must have a subject

I want to be a cricketer.
To maintain a balanced diet is important for health.
His purpose is to be famous.
We eat to live.
I found my daughter playing.
The company sent me a sample to use and review.
Smoking is bad for health.
He stopped playing football.
Receiving gifts makes me happy.



I saw a flying bird.
The smiling baby is coming to me.
Flying is the nature of bird.
The book written by Nazrul is excellent.
If any information required,





