Common examples are bad service at a hotel, shop, restaurant or other place or faulty goods you have bought.



Dear Sir or Madam,

I purchased a smartphone a month ago from your store in the Abbey Avenue Complex and was very thrilled to own this particular model. Unfortunately, after only a few days, the phone stopped working and even after claiming the warranty, I have not heard anything from the store. I am hoping you would replace the faulty phone with a new one.

In relation to the specifics of the order, I purchased a Samsung Galaxy Note8, 256 GB smartphone from the Abbey Avenue Complex showroom on 09th June. The phone worked as expected during the first two weeks and then suddenly malfunctioned. Firstly the camera stopped working and later the touchscreen became irresponsive. The phone is now unusable. Please find enclosed the copy of the purchase bill.

I did report the issue to your customer care department a week ago and returned the faulty phone to your store. I was promised that a new phone would be sent to my home address within three days. However, I have not received it yet or heard anything from the customer care.

I would highly appreciate if you could look into this matter. I have a valid replacement warranty and I would like you to replace this faulty product with a new one. Otherwise, I would be forced to complain to the Consumer Protection Authority.

Looking forward to your response and kind cooperation.

Yours sincerely,

Preeti Zinta









Dear Sir / Madam,
My name is Mark Roberts and I am writing to you regarding a Nokia camera that I bought at your department store on Sunhill Road, Dewsbury, on the 5th September.
The camera seemed to work fine in the shop. However, upon returning home, it became clear that the shutter mechanism was not functioning properly. In addition to this, there was a small scratch on the lens.
I therefore returned to the shop the following day, on the 6th September, and spoke to a company representative about the issue. I left the camera with the assistant and they assured me that they would look into the problem with a view to repairing the camera and get back to me a few days later.
However, it has now been one week and when I contacted the shop again they said that the camera has still not been fixed and they do not know how long it will be.
As I am sure you will understand, it is not acceptable to be waiting for such a long time for it to be repaired. I would therefore like to request that I be given a full refund should I not receive the repaired camera by the end of this week.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully
Mark Roberts




You successfully passed a job interview. You are expected to start on November 15, but you will not be available on that date. Task: Write a letter to your new boss, explaining your situation, expressing your concern and suggesting a solution.


Dear Sir/Madam,

I am Leonardo Gomes and I have recently passed a job interview for the Software Engineer position at the Software Infrastructure group. I was expected to start on November 15, as agreed, and am writing because, unfortunately, I will not be able to present myself on that date.
During the interview I estimated fifteen days as the amount of time needed for me to finish my activities at my current job and start at your company, but due to fact that I got sick for the last whole week and was not able to work, I could not finish my tasks and will need another week to do so. If necessary, I can give you a copy of a letter from my doctor informing that I had to stay at home and under medical care during that week.
To clear the backlog created by my late start, I can work two additional hours every day until I catch up, either coming in early or leaving late. I feel responsible for the pressure my delayed start may have created on the company, and I am going to work harder until everything is back to normal.
I sincerely apologize for the inconvenience and hope this will not affect our relationship. If I am expected to present any other form of proof or talk to someone else in the company, please let me know.

Faithfully yours,
Leonardo




Dear Sir or Madam,

Two weeks ago I purchased a brand new Revo radio from your store on Baker Street. I was excited to have it but very disappointed to find that the product was poorly produced and unusable. Even after I returned it to your store last Monday to claim the warranty, I have not heard anything yet. I am hoping you will either repair or replace it.

In relation to the specifics of the order, I purchased this Revo Super Signal Deluxe AM/FM Radio from one of your Revo brand shops on August 17th using cash. The order number is 9542105 and I am attaching a copy of my receipt.

The issue with the radio is that I am unable to tune in to any FM radio channel and the sound quality is poor. I’m sure this is a manufacturing flaw.

As a solution, and because I really like the model and functionality of this radio, I am hoping that you will agree to repair the issues or provide me with a fresh one. Otherwise, I would like a full refund and I will be contacting the Consumer Rights Bureau if I do not hear back from you in regards to this within a week.

Thank you for giving the matter your attention and I hope to hear your reply soon.

Yours faithfully,

Robert Henry





Useful Language
Below is a selection of useful language for you to use in a formal letter. The phrases you choose will depend on the context of the question.

Beginning
I am writing this letter with regard to…
I am writing to bring to your attention…
I am writing to inform you that…
I am writing to express my dissatisfaction with…..
Requests and Suggestions
I would be grateful if you would…
I would like you to…
I am entitled to request that you….
I was wondering if it would be at all possible to….
I would like to suggest that….
Ending
I look forward to hearing from you.
I look forward to receiving your response.
I await your prompt service.
I thank you for your consideration.
Please respond at the earliest convenience.








You and your family are planning to spend a weekend at a seaside hotel.



Dear Sir/Madam,

I am writing this letter to make arrangements for the stay during the weekend at your hotel and to get more information on the places of interest and different activities nearby.


I will be arriving with my parents and wife to celebrate my parents wedding anniversary on the 4th of July which will be on Saturday morning, and leaving on the 7th of July afternoon. I am looking to book double-rooms with the attached bathroom for more privacy and convenience. I would love to have at least one bedroom with the balcony or seaside view for my parents. I would also appreciate if you could provide me with the list of activities that we can take part in during our stay for more fun and adventure. I prefer the locations to be nearby the hotel as we are not familiar with the place. Furthermore, I would also like to know if there are any historical sites or market nearby where we can explore more about the place's history and local culture.

You could send me the detailed information through email or fax no later than the 4th of July with the total cost of stay during the weekend.
I look forward to hearing from you.

Yours faithfully,









Use complaining (not fighting) words 
It is better to use “soft” words to explain your problems.  Try not to raise the roof or exaggerate the facts because you want to sound believable.

How to politely say you don’t like something:
Disappointment:

It was expecting . . . (insert what you expected) but . . .
I was expecting to get along with my roommate but we are not suited to each other.

I was disappointed to discover that . . .
I was disappointed to discover that she felt it was her right to play music even though I was trying to sleep.

I am disappointed because . . .
I am disappointed because I thought I would be matched with a roommate similar to me.

Unacceptability:

It is unacceptable that . . . (insert problem)
It is unacceptable that our room is in such disorder.

The fact that . . . is unacceptable.
The fact her clothes, garbage and books cover the floor is unacceptable.

It is not acceptable to (insert problem)
It is not acceptable to have to live in these conditions.

Displeasure:

I was displeased to see that . . . (insert problem)
I was displeased to see that she was very messy.

I am not pleased that . . .
I am not pleased that I am unable to sleep or study in the room.
