Voice


Thomson, Sir Joseph John (1846-1940)

British physicist and mathematician and head of a group of researchers at Cavendish Laboratory in Cambridge. Thomson discovered the electron. He is regarded as the founder of modern physics.

Electron
A subatomic participle and one of the basic constituents of matter. The electron was discovered in 1897 by Thomson. It is found in all atoms and contains the smallest known negative electrical charge. 


Thomson discovered the electron.
The electron was discovered by Thomson.
The electron was discovered at Cambridge.
The man was arrested.
My car was stolen. // We do not know who stole my car.
Mistakes have been made.
This book must be returned to the library by the date above.


James bond was created by Ian Fleming.

1. Verbs which can not be passive: An intransitive verb can not be passive.
2. Some state verbs can not be passive.

The baby is smiling. 
Peter has a guitar. 


We usually use following verbs in the passive pattern.

allow
ask
award
bring
buy 
charge
deny
feed
find
give
grant
offer
send
sell
show
promise

Modal Verb
He can drive a car.
A car can be driven by him.

I should buy this watch.
A watch should be bought by me.



Active: Open the door.
Passive: Let the door be opened.




Definition:
Any of the forms of a verb which show the time at which an action happened:
Tense is the form of an action with respective time




Using comma

I like stars too.
I, too, like stars.

You like them too.
They, too, like you.

When using the word too, you only need to use a comma before it for emphasis. According to The Chicago Manual of Style, a comma before too should be used only to note an abrupt shift in thought.
According to the Chicago Manual of Style (subscription-based, sorry), you need to use the comma before too "only when you want to emphasize an abrupt change of thought."



I play football.
Football is played by me.


I am playing football.
Football is being by me.


I have played football.
Football has been played by me.

I can play football.
Football can be played by me.
