Pronoun Reference
—————————————————————————————————————————
Hiding under the bed, I finally found him.
I finally found him hiding under the bed.


After falling out of the boat, the shark bit the man.
After falling out of the boat, the man was bitten by the shark.



Appositive
—————————————————————————————————————————
Mehedi, a young rapper, is a genuinely good man.
Mehedi who is a young rapper is a genuinely a good man.


He is taller than me
He is taller than I.
He is taller than I am.

I enjoyed myself at the party.


John and myself went there.
John and I went there.


I and Mark are friends.
Mark and I are friends.

I and he are brothers.
He and I are brothers.


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZCrAJB4VohA


231
Noun/Pronoun + I/me.

Brown and White work together.

I and White work together.
White and I work together.
White and me work together.


The teacher assigned a home work to I and Hasan.
The teacher assigned a home work to Hasan and I.
The teacher assigned a home work to me and Hasan.
The teacher assigned a home work to Hasan and me.


White and Brown played the tournament but he did not play well.

Antecedent  পূর্বসূরী


This is my pen.
This is mine pen.

My answer is
Mine answer is.


My is put before a noun to indicate your possession (or other kinds of relationships with the noun). For example,

My question is how my and mine are different in usage.



Is that your scarf? It’s very similar to mine. (It’s very similar to my scarf.)


We don’t use possessive pronouns before nouns:





Possessive pronouns are used in English to avoid repeating information that is already clear. In general it makes the sentence less confusing because the same information is not being repeated.



This book is my book, not your book. (Sounds repetitive)
This book is mine, not yours. (Mine and yours are possessive pronouns)

In the sentence, mine is a possessive pronoun that replaces my book.
In the sentence, yours is a possessive pronoun that replaces your book.
The possessive pronouns in English are as follows:


Helen asked me to get some water.
Helen asked I to get some water.

My friends and me went on holiday to a little town on the south coast.
My friends and I went on holiday to a little town on the south coast.

Examples:

I didn't have my umbrella so Marta lent me hers.
(I didn't have my umbrella so Marta lent me her umbrella).
Her car is faster than mine.
(Her car is faster than my car).
That food is ours and not theirs.
(That food is our food and not their food).
I know this drink is yours but I need to drink something.
(I know this drink is your drink but I need to drink something).





Somebody is coming to dinner.
Neither of us believes a word Harry says.




After preposition, always put the object pronoun.


This is my pen.
This pen is mine.


This is his pen.
This pen is his.



This is your home.
This home is yours.




Reflexive pronoun


Myself, Yourselfm Themselves, 

