Dear Mr. Hasnat,

I am writing this letter on behalf of the Photography Club as a President, seeking your permission to conduct a annual picnic to the reserved forest, on 10 April 2019. Drik Photography Club is a well-reputed photgraphy club located at in Sylhet, famed for its street photography and documentary.

The group would be of thirty-two visitors, including two Club members and their corresponding family members. Being students of photgraphy, this visit would help in better understanding of various concepts. The purpose of this visit is to enhance the individual knowledge. We intend to take a round of the entire reserve forest and take photos of this reserved forest.

Kindly grant us permission for the visit and make necessary arrangements for the same. We look forward to a positive reply from your side.

Looking forward to your response and kind cooperation.

Best Regards,
Bulbul Ahmad


Dear Sir,
With due respect, I would like to inform you that I am a student of your Universityt/colllege. Due to my illness I could not able to enroll semester courses on time. 

In this regard, I would highly appreciate if you kindly give me the permission to take my courses oblige thereby.I will be very thankful to you.

Sincerely Yours,
Bulbul Ahmad





Dear Mrs. Hawkins,
I would like to reserve a single room at the Admiral Benbow Inn for July 7-17. I will be arriving late on the evening of July 7 so please hold
the room for my arrival. Enclosed is a check for the first night.
Thank you.412 / HOW TO SAY IT®
Sincerely,
TO: Granby Airlines
FAX: 212/555-1000
FROM: Julia Hazelrigg
DATE: Sept. 4, 2002
RECORD LOCATOR: # 4GMEN5
NUMBER OF PAGES: 2
In reference to today’s telephone conversation, please cancel both
reservations under record locator number # 4GMEN5.
My traveling companion was hospitalized suddenly yesterday for
an indefinite period (attached is a note from the physician’s office).
I understand that according to your policy for international flights,
you offer a complete refund of all tickets in a party when one of the
party must cancel due to illness.
I appreciate your compassion and prompt help at this difficult time.





Dear Mrs. Hawkins,
I would like to reserve a single room at the Admiral Benbow Inn for July 7-17. I will be arriving late on the evening of July 7 so please hold
the room for my arrival. Enclosed is a check for the first night.
Thank you.412 / HOW TO SAY IT®
Sincerely,
TO: Granby Airlines
FAX: 212/555-1000
FROM: Julia Hazelrigg
DATE: Sept. 4, 2002
RECORD LOCATOR: # 4GMEN5
NUMBER OF PAGES: 2
In reference to today’s telephone conversation, please cancel both
reservations under record locator number # 4GMEN5.
My traveling companion was hospitalized suddenly yesterday for
an indefinite period (attached is a note from the physician’s office).
I understand that according to your policy for international flights,
you offer a complete refund of all tickets in a party when one of the
party must cancel due to illness.
I appreciate your compassion and prompt help at this difficult time.


















Refundable
———————————————————————————————————
Handy Phrases: 
Are most dissatisfied; 
Arrived in unsatisfactory condition; 
Did notwork; 
Expected everything to be; 
Had been damaged; 
Have never before experienced this; 
Need to inform you; 
Nonrefundable policy surely does not include; 
Not in working order; 
Was not included; 
Were distressed to discover when we opened the boxes;
Accompanying this letter are; 
Am sending photocopies of; 
Clearly demonstrates that;
Feel we are justified in; 
Has been documented; 
Have sent a copy of the entire file; The
accompanying documents to substantiate my claim; 
Am returning the defective; Credit
my account with; 
Entitled to a replacement; 
Expect more careful handling; 
If you could
rectify this situation; 
Kindly issue us a full refund; 
Situation seems to merit a; Situation
warrants immediate action; 
Specifically request that; 
Arrive at a satisfactory solution;
Do what is necessary; 
For giving this matter your consideration; 
Have always been sat-
isfied with; 
Hope to hear from you; 
Trust that you will; 
Will be mutually beneficial.




Dear G. Smith,
On August 19, 2002, I purchased a widget at Widget Store, 111 Main Street, Big City. On
August 20, I returned the widget to your customer service department because it was missing
Part #32 and could not be assembled. Your customer service representative ordered the miss-
ing part from your warehouse, telling me it would arrive within ten days.
Two months later, it has not arrived. I contacted your customer service department on August
30, September 15, October 1, and October 20. On each of those occasions, your customer
service representative assured me that the missing part was en route from your warehouse.
Today, I asked that my money be refunded since I am unable to use the widget without the
missing part. Your customer service representative told me that it is not store policy to refund
my money because I opened the package and partially assembled the widget.
I am writing you to request that my money be refunded in full. I cannot use the widget without
the part that is missing.
I can be reached at the address given above, or by telephone at [your number].
Yours truly,
