Parallelism

Parallel Structure 

Parallel structure (also called parallelism) is the repetition of a chosen grammatical form within a sentence.


He is taller than I am.
He is taller than me.


Bulbul likes swimming, cycling and to play soccer.
Bulbul likes swimming, cycling and playing soccer.

Bulbul likes to swim, to ride cycle and to play soccer.
Bulbul likes to swim, ride cycle and play soccer.



Not Parallel: 
The production manager was asked to write his report quickly, accurately, and in a detailed manner.
Parallel: 
The production manager was asked to write his report quickly, accurately, and thoroughly.




For dinner we like rice and fry chicken.
For dinner we like rice and fried chicken.
For dinner we like to cook rice and fry chicken.


Public buses or train can help reduce air pollution.
Public buses or trains can help reduce air pollution.


Alice was affable, with good manners and has a keen wit.
Alice was affable, well-mannered and keen witted.


Not Parallel:
Ellen likes hiking, the rodeo, and to take afternoon naps.
Parallel:
Ellen likes hiking, attending the rodeo, and taking afternoon naps.
 OR
Ellen likes to hike, attend the rodeo, and take afternoon naps. 







Not Parallel:
My best friend took me dancing and to a show.
Parallel:
My best friend took me to a dance and a show. 



Not Parallel:
I would rather pay for my education than financial aid.
Parallel:
I would rather pay for my education than receive financial aid. 












Perfect use of modifiers:
After stealing the watch, the police caught the thief.
After stealing the watch, the thief was caught by the police.




Run on sentence:
It is raining, I need a raincoat.
As it is raining, I need a raincoat.




Modifier:
A word or phrase that describes another word or phrase.


Which provide extra information.


small word
small = pre-modifiers


The brown dog is intelligent.

brown       = pre-modifiers
intelligent = post-modifiers


pre-modifiers:
F.T.S
Possessive case
Demonstrative
Present Participle



FTS//  Front Supporter of Noun
Determiner // Number, Quantity, article 


a very pretty girl



post-modifiers:
Prepositional Phrase
Adverbial Phrase
Infinitive
Appositive


I saw a man walking hopelessly.
She has not received the money sent by her son.

The boy met a girl who is living in Dhaka




Dangling Modfiers:
If there is a participle phrase that describes a noun, 
one must make sure that the noun can be described by the phrase properly.

Walking down the beach, the sunset was beautiful.
Walking down the beach, I saw the sunset.
While playing football in the playground, a snake bit the man.
While playing football in the playground, the man was bitten by a snake.


After stealing the laptop, the police caught the thief.
After stealing the laptop, the thief was caught by police.


He served coffee to us on the table.
He served us coffee on the table.  

Appositive::

Relative pronoun

Antecedent

I met a girl who was shy.
Rupa who is a pretty girl loves me.
Rupa, a cute girl, loves me. 

Sakib who is a famous cricket played well.
Sakib played well.

Sakib, a famous cricket, played well.




Prepositional phrase::
It start with preposition

in
at
with


I saw an old lady under the building.


Preposition + Noun/Phrase

Sheikh Sadi began to put the food into his pocket.









Peter is extrovert, polite and 
